easy yo we've been going in to look at
that intro that I was a sexy intro that
people come on mr. I am John why he's a
gfx Beast I'm gonna put the link on this
video I'm gonna put it on there i'll put
it somewhere play on the video screen
i'll link on the screen for you so you
can go check him out boy I asked him
he's reasonably priced he is former
m40a3 as well so he's a beast sniper I
know he's our trust me people can do all
sorts of shit he's a beast he's a
fucking beast anyway doble 12 extender
no scavenger I think about slut now
scavenger fuck remember the one
scavenger I blind I think not too sure
about the rest I think it might be stock
a pro i'm using the support class i
basically it's Betty's fucking it's hard
to get killstreaks this with my opinion
anyway but it's going to beast I am on
carbon carbon fiber it's gone that's why
I won't get this gun in gold I'm gonna
get this cunning call this the Beast gun
oh but I must admit this give his bull
shit now fuck out the fuck seriously
right if that guy in real life got shot
gun to his face automatic shotgun
doubler 12 to his face you must have all
seen that fucking guy FPSRussia jewel
jewel double air 12 you see what it did
they pulverized cock balls I wasn't
gonna do to human flesh seriously so
yeah I want to accent it mags for this
gun no only uses going on cloths quarter
maps even domes not bad but carbon seems
to Travis good on carbon your beast
you'll be some lot of doorways a lot of
ali wheres a lot corners where people
are bitch hide and camping shit so i'm
seriously try it try it and let me know
what you think of this year that you
wear be a mag ua vb
East um watch one don't live comment
read y'all want off this video to me
Paul oh yeah I've got the air drop trap
never used it before maybe follow up
using it before now I'm going to throw
it on the ground so yeah I like that so
what absolute takes hit the thick bitch
do I look to know what a twat sure look
past it should show you what it shows up
ass I bet it's like a Osprey gonna
recommend something twat exit simple
yeah so does he do it for a while common
criminals do I live coming to our modern
warfare free do I live commentary on
fifa or I've got a jewel fmg9
free-for-all on Arkaden naka de nakhre
Aiden already I'm all combo wherever
it's fucking cold so yeah let me know
what what you want to see let me know
I've got free videos i can post figure
out do some live commentaries with
people in in open lab you live
commentaries what open lobby but like
open get all the people again don't play
could confirm domination head quarter
some shit live commentary on it but
people advice when there was a video
about have a chat of a giggle let's rip
some bitches let me know what you think
about live commentary multiplayer online
no private much shit we will go straight
online and rapes or live commentary let
me know what you think leave a comment
below I've got more snappy videos on in
the works I will try all the snapper
guns are gonna try and use the a double
five I think it's called I want to try
and use that anyway try all I've had a
little go of it only very well but you
know what I'll give it a go I'll give it
off of you beasts um what else is it a
bearing a bit of problem with maintain
our home my fucking garlic's been
driving me insane been xbox live i play
like till i played like play two games
get into the third game half way through
3rd game but you'll be so nervous but
alive but
you can't close xbox live but fuck off
OOP kiss me ass mr. Letts other beasts
it is a beast of a girl beast of a girl
beast of a girl ee 12 double need 12
everyone's expecting the UK America x
factor is dog shit and England with a
thing called cold fucking cold oh I'm a
celebrity get me out of here did anybody
see that program i'm a celebrity get me
out of here that big girl the big pale
girl with a big fat titties oh my god I
what I nibble on them titties oh I put a
bit of cream on her nipples and go
that's not a double-kill beats WL sick
see i predicted it before y'all sorry
double air to a beast now why the foot
does feet i'm not sure but i come when
you rank up but it should be the
prestige icon I'm prestige one on this
gameplay but obviously excuse to second
prestige I have unlock that mp7 i'm
going to bring a gameplay of the mp7
that gun is I swear to god that guns
better than the type 95 seriously
seriously people get it watched
get watched Gabe watched watch para lo
Mart if it's a three
I don't like girls films blossom scare
me and remember that film American were
off in London oh my god i still cry over
that now fucking hate that film if
you've watched that film let me know
American Werewolf in London that film
it's fucking scary when he starts
changing and he's in this house and his
hand starts going I'll talk no it's four
fingers start growing in his thumb stays
where it is all my god then his big
green eyes and his big teeth oh I heard
he's gonna cry b-stock growl at me
beasts do not cry like me the Blair 12
beast get the fuck out my way fool you
see the little coolest fucking little
bitch him away and then some little
bitch wants to snipe make us is a
sausage emoji let me know what video you
want to see next I will get up on Sunday
for you game players coming through in
the weeks when people internet is up at
home pcs up glass shot in Hell first I
am out this motherfucker peace